DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT 
This Agreement made and entered into the day of 1st of Feb, 2018 by ONTORES., a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of China (PRC), having its principal place of business at Shanghai, China and BIZCOM JAPAN, INC., JAPAN. (hereinafter referred to as “ONTORES” And "BIZCOM JAPAN, INC. ").
WITNESSETH 
Whereas, ONTORES is engaged in the business of manufacturing, distributing, marketing and selling certain research Products (as defined hereinafter);
Whereas, ONTORES wishes to appoint BIZCOM JAPAN, INC. as the distributor for such Products in the Territory JAPAN.
Whereas, BIZCOM JAPAN, INC. wishes to be appointed as a distributor for such Products in the Territory on and subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.
Now, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, IT IS HEREBY AGREED AS FOLLOWS:

Article 1: Appointment of Distributor
1.	ONTORES hereby appoints NEWTEST for the term of this Agreement as its Distributor for all of ONTORES’s products as well as all the products listed in the catalog issued by ONTORES from Feb 1, 2018 to Feb 1, 2019 (hereinafter referred to as the "Products") in JAPAN. (Hereinafter referred to as the “Territory”). 
2.	BIZCOM JAPAN, INC. shall distribute the Products in the original package form under ONTORES's label.
3.	BIZCOM JAPAN, INC. may distribute the Products through its sub-distributors and sales network in the Territory.
4.	Both parties shall share sales data to each other in the Territory for a better market share.
5.	BIZCOM JAPAN, INC. should upload Softcopy Catalogue onto Homepage.
6.	BIZCOM JAPAN, INC. should put links to ONTORES website and corresponding to each ONTORES product page.
7.	BIZCOM JAPAN, INC. should inform the customers that products from ONTORES are for research only, but not for human use or medical treatment. 
8.	BIZCOM JAPAN, INC. should inform the attending conference/meeting/exhibition plan in each year and help ONTORES promote it’s brand and products. ONTORES would provide marketing materials (including catalogue, brochure, flyer…) and BIZCOM JAPAN, INC. should pay the shipping fee in principle. 
9.	BIZCOM JAPAN, INC. could not cooperate with other competitors such as Cayman, Genscript, JPT, GL, MCE…. If you already cooperated with other competitors, ONTORES should be the first choice when your customers inquiry and order.

Article 2: Order and Shipment
1.	On ONTORES behalf, BIZCOM JAPAN, INC. appointee may enter its firm order with ONTORES for purchase of the Products. 
2.	BIZCOM JAPAN, INC. appointee shall be JAPAN, having its principal place of business.
3.	Upon receipt of firm order of BIZCOM JAPAN, INC. for purchase of the Products, ONTORES shall ship the Products in question to JAPAN within SEVEN (7) business days, when ONTORES's stock of said Products are available. Should ONTORES have no stock of the Products at that time, ONTORES shall notify BIZCOM JAPAN, INC. of the new shipping schedule as soon as possible.  
4.	Other terms and conditions for sale or delivery of the Products than those set forth in this Agreement shall be separately agreed between the parties.
5.	ONTORES use Fedex/DHL as shipment vector. For inhibitors, the shipping fee would be 60USD each order. We also could use your Fedex/DHL account for the shipment.

Article 3: Price and Payment
1.	The price of the Products shall be discounted by 40% from the list price set forth in the price list or otherwise negotiated and designated by specific quotation. List pricing to be modified and issued from time to time by ONTORES. ONTORES shall update the price list for BIZCOM JAPAN, INC. every year. 
2.	Unless otherwise agreed by the parties hereto, payment for the Products delivered hereunder shall be made by BIZCOM JAPAN, INC. to ONTORES in US Dollars. After receiving the payment, ONTORES will arrange the shipment and the production. After the first order, ONTORES would consider offering 30 days payment.
3.	BIZCOM JAPAN, INC. shall meet the annual Sales Volume at least 10,000 USD.
4.	Every year, ONTORES would have major change in price and products composition, and minor change every quarter.

Article 4: Title and Risk of loss
The title and risk of loss of the Products supplied hereunder shall pass to BIZCOM JAPAN, INC. upon delivery at the place specified in the firm order. 

Article 5: Warranties and Claims
1.	ONTORES warrants that the Products delivered to BIZCOM JAPAN, INC. shall conform to the specifications as set forth in the packaging, package inserts and /or the catalog of such Products. 
2.	If BIZCOM JAPAN, INC. finds that any Products delivered shall be deficient in quality, quantity or defective in package, or any claims attributed to the defect of the Products shall be raised by ultimate customers in the Territory; BIZCOM JAPAN, INC. shall notify ONTORES of such defect as soon as possible. Such notice shall specify the nature of such defects. In the event such defects are due to ONTORES’s fault, ONTORES shall replace such defective Product with new Product of standard quality, quantity and packaging without additional charge or allow full credit at the delivered price. 


Article 6: Marketing and Advertisement
1.	BIZCOM JAPAN, INC. shall undertake for its own account sales, marketing, advertisement and sales promotion of the Products and devote reasonable efforts toward obtaining the largest sales volume of the Products in the Territory. ONTORES shall make reasonable efforts to support BIZCOM JAPAN, INC. in the market development.
2.	BIZCOM JAPAN, INC. shall prepare advertising and sales promotional materials in local language relating to the Products at its own cost. 
3.	ONTORES shall provide BIZCOM JAPAN, INC., with suitable advertising and sales promotional materials such as catalogs, brochures and other material, including the electronic information necessary for BIZCOM JAPAN, INC. e-business, in the English language, available to Company, to enable BIZCOM JAPAN, INC. to issue advertising materials in local language.
4.	BIZCOM JAPAN, INC. shall upload all ONTORES's company logo, introduction and products list onto BIZCOM JAPAN, INC. 's website meanwhile keep those information updated when available. 

Article 7: Industrial Property Rights
1.	BIZCOM JAPAN, INC. may use the trademark of ONTORES during the terms of this Agreement only in connection with the sale of the Products.
2.	BIZCOM JAPAN, INC. acknowledges that any and all the trademarks, patents and other industrial property rights used or embodied in the Products remain the sole property of Company and shall not in any way dispute them. 
3.	If BIZCOM JAPAN, INC. finds or receives notice that trade-name, trademarks, patents or other industrial property rights of ONTORES are disputed or infringed upon by a third party, BIZCOM JAPAN, INC. shall promptly inform ONTORES thereof and assist ONTORES in taking the necessary steps to protect its right. 


Article 8: Confidentiality
1.	ONTORES and BIZCOM JAPAN, INC. shall not divulge to others during the term of this Agreement and for a period of three (3) years thereafter, any technical information, market data or other confidential information received from the other party and will hold such information and data in confidence. 
2.	The obligation of confidentiality under Article 8.1 hereof shall not apply to any information and data which:

1)	is now or hereafter becomes a part of the public domain in other ways than by faults, acts or omissions of the receiving party.
2)	was already in the receiving party’s possession prior to the time of receipt from the disclosing party, as shown by its written records.
3)	hereafter lawfully comes into the receiving party’s possession from an independent third party without any obligations of confidentiality.
4)	is required to be disclosed pursuant to the requirement of government agency or operation of law. 

Article 9: Force Majeure
If either party is rendered unable to fulfill partially or wholly any of its obligation under this Agreement by reason of "Force Majeure", such party shall forthwith give to the other party a written notice briefly describing the circumstances causing such inability, and thereupon, to the extent that the party giving notice is unable to fulfill such obligation by reason of such circumstances, such obligation shall be suspended during, but no longer than, the continuance of such circumstances.
"Force Majeure" means requisition or interference by a Government, state or local authority, war, strikes, riot or epidemic diseases, Act of God or any other circumstances or any other causes beyond the control of ONTORES or BIZCOM JAPAN, INC. .
In these cases, the other party has no right to demand indemnity for damage.


Article 10: Term of Agreement
This Agreement shall become effective on the date first above written and shall remain in effect for a period of ONE (1) years from the effective date.
Thereafter, this Agreement shall be automatically renewed for additional periods of THREE(3) months, unless either party hereto notifies the other party not later than THREE(3) months prior to the date of expiration of the original term of this Agreement or of any additional renewed term, of its intention to terminate this Agreement on the expiration date of the original or any renewed term.

Article 11: Termination of Agreement
1.	Either party may terminate this Agreement by giving notice to the other party by a registered letter with immediate effect in the following cases: 
1)	The other party fails to fulfill any of its obligation under this Agreement and does not correct such default of obligations within sixty (60) days counting from the day on which a letter requiring to correct such default of obligations is posted by the first party. 
2)	The other party becomes bankrupt, is dissolved or transfers its business.
2.	Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason, the parties shall negotiate how to deal with the Products then possessed in stock by BIZCOM JAPAN, INC.. Notwithstanding above, if this Agreement is terminated by the reasons attributed to ONTORES, BIZCOM JAPAN, INC. shall have the option to continue to sell any Products or return ONTORES any Products in its possession at the delivery price from ONTORES to BIZCOM JAPAN, INC..



Article 12: Governing Law
This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of CHINA and JAPAN.

Article 13: Arbitration
All disputes, controversies or differences which may arise between the parties or the breach thereof shall be referred to and settled by arbitration in accordance with the Rules of Conciliation and Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce.  In the event that the arbitration is initiated by ONTORES, the place of arbitration shall CHINA, and in the event that arbitration is initiated by BIZCOM JAPAN, INC., the place of the arbitration shall be JAPAN. The award rendered shall be final and binding upon both parties.

IN WITNESS THEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be signed in duplicate by their duly authorized officers as of the date first above written.
